I found a survivor!
This way! Get her to safety!
Be careful!
Don't worry.
You're all fine now.
The Wall Titans are marching off
the island in lines.
It does appear they have no intention
to harm us, but they scare me.
Just what's happening?
Like that strange dream we just had.
My house...
My house's all gone
because of Eren Yeager...
What's wrong with just
a sacrifice or two?
How dare you!
He lost his son, you know!
A lot of people also died
when the walls collapsed.
No, Eren killed them!
That's right!
Eren Yeager killed his own people!
But if he hadn't summoned the Wall Titans,
the Eldians on this island would've
all been slaughtered by the outsiders!
That's right! Our Eldian Empire survived
thanks to those noble sacrifices!
We won!
No victory can be achieved
without sacrifice!
Their deaths were not in vain!
Dedicate your hearts!
Hitch.
This isn't good.
The citizens are bound to clash
when they're highly excited.
We need to equip ourselves.
Take all the riot gear you can with you!
Yes, ma'am!
Good grief, what are those guys
even doing in Shiganshina?
It's coming from the basement?
If you scream...
I'll cut up your throat.
First, take off that jacket--
You've gotten so weak,
I thought you were a granny.
I bet you wouldn't have expected
to be thrown like this by me, huh?
Annie!
Out of all people, it has to be you?
Hitch.
Anyway, I must take
her to the basement.
If I don't restrain her, the town could...
Somebody!
It's pointless.
I already cut myself.
I can turn into a Titan anytime I want.
You have no choice but to obey me.
Are you sure?
I bet you don't have the stamina
to transform when you're that weak.
You may be right.
But we won't know until I try.
Dreyse! Is something wrong?
Dreyse! I'll open the door!
Dreyse?
Rumbling, Rumbling, it's coming
Rumbling, Rumbling
Beware
Coming for you
All I ever wanted to do was do right things
I've never wanted to be the king, I swear
All I ever wanted to do was save your life
I've never wanted to grab a knife, I swear
Tearless, fearless, burning, burning
You tell me what have I missed
Still wandering in the deep mist
If I lose it all, slip and fall
I will never look away
If I lose it all, lose it all, lose it all
If I lose it all outside the wall
Live to die another day
I don't want anything
I'm just here to...
Beware
Sunset
You sure are more clever
than I thought, Hitch.
Shut up.
If you're going away,
then I have no reason to stop you.
At least now I don't have to watch
your face every day in the basement.
Good for you.
Now it's finally over.
I don't have to listen to your
complaints about men anymore.
How do you know that?
Don't tell me, you...
You were conscious the whole time?
For four years.
It all felt like I was
seeing a hazy dream.
I can hear your voice and Armin's
as if it's coming from afar.
But when I don't hear your voices,
it's all the same.
I was in the darkness.
So I had a decent idea of what's
happening outside from the two of you.
Then, I suddenly
find myself released.
And I heard Eren's voice.
He said he is going to
destroy the world.
Is he serious?
So he really released
the Wall Titans...
Check up their footsteps, too.
The only meaningful job
I've done as a soldier
was cleaning up corpses and rubble.
Like after you and Eren
fought the last time.
Can you tell me now?
How did it feel like seeing
the corpses you guys stomped
for your oh-so-grand goal?
You asked me so many times,
so I give it a thought.
It's something I never thought about.
To kill someone was something
we were praised for.
We were taught to kill anyone,
be it combatants or civilians
beyond the border.
It's to atone for the sins of us Eldians
and to save the world.
That's how they justified all our actions.
Armin told us all about what
you guys went through.
In other words...
You guys wanted to stop that, right?
So those corpses under the rubble
are just a minor sacrifice to you?
No.
I never cared about saving the world.
Huh?
I didn't care about anything.
My parents abandoned me
shortly after I was born.
Turned out my mother
was cheating with an Eldian.
I was later taken in and
raised in the internment zone
by an Eldian man
who came from overseas.
Apparently, he was taken to
the internment zone for a similar reason.
The man wanted to train me
into a Marleyan soldier
so he can improve his living environment.
For as long as I can remember,
the man beat the martial arts
of his homeland into me.
The only value that man sees in me
was whether or not
I could become a Warrior.
After some time passed...
I became strong just as the man wanted.
So I paid him back for all the pain
he'd beat into me.
I made it so he'd never be able
to walk straight again.
But...
The man rejoiced.
"Now you can kill your enemy
even when unarmed," he said.
Hmm? Wait, wait.
What is it about again?
I had to listen to your life story
for four years.
So you could at least
hear me out for a little while.
And so everything stopped
to matter to me.
I didn't care who died, no matter
who they are or where they came from.
I didn't think life has any value,
not even my own.
Until that moment.
On the morning
I'd be heading off to the island,
the man dropped to
his knees and apologized.
He told me that everything
he taught me was wrong.
He then cried and pleaded.
He wanted me to come back.
My status as a Warrior, and
our status as honorary Marleyans...
He told me to give up
those things and return.
That man... was my father.
He thought of me as his own daughter.
I have a father who waits for my return.
And just like me...
Other people also have those
who are important to them.
I'm done thinking
that nothing matters to me.
I'm fully aware that
I've committed irredeemable sins.
But...
If it's for returning to my father...
I won't hesitate to repeat what I did.
I see.
I'm glad to hear that.
But even if you return
to your father's place,
you would only find rubble and a corpse.
You may be right.
Believe me! It's true!
Did you see that dream as well?
So this day finally comes...
The island devils are coming
to attack us all.
No way, then Gabi and Falco now...
The Rumbling has been activated!
Eren Yeager will come to kill everyone!
Your house, your wife's family,
everything will be crushed!
I'm telling you that you've got no proof!
You say you all had the same dream?!
You want us to believe
that nonsense and let you out?!
I bet you've all been plotting
this together to escape from here!
I'm sure all Eldians all over the world
are saying the same thing!
Do you still insist that
we plotted all that?!
But it's not impossible!
You're all now guilty of conspiracy!
We'll now restrain all of you!
On your knees!
Hands behind your heads!
Hurry it up!
So please promise me.
That you'll come back.
I will.
I promise.
A gunshot?
Instructor!
The Yeagerist have gathered
to take over this fort.
We need to hurry and run.
If they find us, who knows
what they'll do to you.
It's fine.
I don't have anywhere else to go.
The center military councils are gone,
thanks to us chopping
off their napes just now.
The Yeagerist have
the support of the people.
I'm sure they'll take control
of this island.
They'll be sure to wipe out member
of the old order like me.
And it's not like I have the energy
to live out the rest of my years
in the mountain away from civilization.
We would have all died
had you not saved us.
We'll protect you no matter what!
You damned fools.
Why do you think I let a bunch of pissants
kick and stomp me to the ground?
Do as the Yeagerist say and
don't disobey them.
The likes of you wouldn't be able
to protect anyone but yourself.
Stay here and join the flow.
But...
However.
The day will come for you to raise up.
Until then, don't ever
lose sight of who you are.
Armin, wait.
Even if you go now,
you'll not make it to Ragako in time.
Besides...
What will you do even
if you catch up to him?
Will you tell him to give up on
returning his mom back into human?
I will.
Even if doesn't work, I have to show
everything I can through action.
Or else, Gabi won't trust me.
That kid's our only hope.
She's our key to negotiating
with Reiner and the Cart Titan
who are hiding somewhere.
It's not as if the issue of who gets
to inherit the Nine Titans is going away.
In the worse case,
we'd repeat the last 2,000 years of conflict
surrounding the power of Titans...
...on this tiny island.
To be honest, I'm so tired
I could hop into bed and sleep
for around two days straight.
Anyway, I need to do everything I can.
This will massively impact what
little future humanity has left.
I will tell Connie!
I'll tell him to let his mom
continue to lie down as a Titan!
I'm off.
Armin.
What should I do?
You should help Jean.
You should try to think for yourself.
What about Eren?
What will you do?
I don't know!
I mean, just what can we even do?!
Hange and Captain could be dead right now.
Floch and his men might even
point their guns at us.
Also, Annie might be back into action.
The military's chain of command is broken!
It's chaos!
That's right, even Historia
could be in danger.
The Volunteers, the Azumabito,
and Niccolo might be in danger, too.
We can't afford to think about Eren!
He's a lost cause!
You should know that much!
Sorry.
If Commander Erwin were here,
I'm sure he wouldn't have
snapped at you like this.
Eh?
The answer is clear now.
I shouldn't have been
the one to come back.
My scarf is gone?
It might be for his mother's sake,
but I'm sure Connie will think hard
about sacrificing a child and hesitate.
I know you will make it.
Thank you, Mr. Blouse.
I think I'll stay under
Mr. Blouse's care for now.
All right.
You all should hurry and
leave this place, too.
Mia.
Be well.
My real name is Gabi.
Eh? But Gabi sounds weird.
I like Mia more.
Huh?!
See you, Kaya.
Good bye, Gabi.
Floch, stop it!
Don't shoot!
Relax, Jean.
I'm just teaching them a lesson.
He didn't grasp the situation he was in.
But now this gets the message across.
Now everyone knows what would happen
if they speak up in the wrong way.
Hey, just who the hell asked you
to act like the boss around here?
Glad you asked, Jean!
Everyone, listen up!
Ten months ago, Eren told me his plan!
His plan was to make use of Zeke
and seize control over the Founding!
I gathered comrades to help Eren.
And today, the plan succeeded!
You Volunteers have lost your leader!
Including the military
who backed you up!
And now you'll also lose your homeland!
All that remains would be giant footsteps
thanks to the Rumbling!
You've lost your reason for coming here,
which was to revive your homelands!
But,
if any of you still wishes to lend your
strength to the Eldian Empire,
speak up now and here!
We will take you in and accept you
as our Eldian brethren!
Shut your mouth, you lunatic!
- Who do you think will--
- Show this man some respect!
He refused to submit even
in the face of a bullet,
and lived as a proud Volunteer
until the end.
But there's no need to die for pride.
What's so bad about submitting?
Wouldn't you rather live
than to die like this?
I'll give you time to think.
Take then to their cells.
Yes, sir!
What's this?
Jean, what happened?
To answer your earlier question.
I speak on Eren's behalf.
If Eren's going to solve
all problems beyond the island,
I'll wipe away
any resentment left within it.
Anyway, we survived that hell
four years ago
and finally have this moment.
Do you know what is this?
This is freedom.
You guys don't have to fight anymore.
You can live however you want.
Hey, Jean.
You wanted to join the Military Police and
live a comfortable life in the central, right?
You should do so.
You're now one of our heroes!
Is it really over?
It's over.
You can now go back
to how you used to be.
To that annoying, irresponsible,
conceited bastard.
What'd you just call me?
Floch...
What happened to Captain Levi
and Commander Hange?
Oh, yeah.
Zeke killed them, unfortunately.
Mister Connie, I'm grateful
that you saved me, but...
We've been heading north, haven't we?
Look, the sun's setting over there.
It's fine.
The south is too dangerous.
I'm taking you to a safe hospital
where they can treat your amnesia.
You really were all on your own
when you collapsed.
This is the least I could do as a soldier.
That's right.
I'm a soldier now.
Connie, be a good soldier and
protect everyone, okay?
Dad, Sunny, and Martin are
not coming back anymore.
But I can at least bring my mom back.
Please wait for me just
a little bit longer, Mom.
I've become a soldier, and now...
Thank you very much, Mister Connie.
You're doing so much just for me.
It's fine.
I'm glad Mister Connie is a good person.
But I need to go back
to the south somehow.
I remember meeting Colt and Gabi.
But what happened after that?
Also...
I feel I've seen Mister Connie
somewhere before.
But since he doesn't know me,
I might be just imagining it.
Judging from their direction and speed,
the ships are withdrawing
straight back to Marley.
They probably think we Marleyan
forces won't make it back alive
after seeing the Rumbling.
No, it's a smart move.
Now they can let the rest of the nation
know about the situation as fast as possible.
It's far better than just waiting
for those things to crush us all.
But now there's nothing more we can do.
Do you have any plans on
how to stop them?
No.
But we'll keep our
pathetic struggle til the end.
Umm...
Please wait!
Just don't eat me, okay?
I don't have any weapons
on me right now.
Oh? The guy over there?
Please don't worry.
He's just a completely harmless guy
who barely escaped death.
The marching army of Titans.
In face of such a massive threat
that will trample their whole world,
will people just froze,
or will they stand up?
Next time, "Pride."